New flow for data deletion and editorial improvements (#629)
italia/eidas-it-wallet-docs: docs/en/relying-party-endpoint.rst

Further details on the Relying Party Instance Initialization Request and Response are provided in the :ref:`Mobile Application Instance Initialization Request` and :ref:`Mobile Application Instance Initialization Response` sections, respectively.

Relying Party Key Binding Endpoint
----------------------------------------------

The Relying Party Key Binding Endpoint enables Relying Party Instances to bind the newly created pair of keys, which will be associated with an Access Certificate, to the Relying Party Instance, by relying on a proof of possession of the Cryptographic Hardware Keys generated during the :ref:`Mobile Application Instance Initialization` phase. Before completing the process, the Relying Party Backend also needs to verify the integrity of the Relying Party Instance.

Relying Party Key Binding Request
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Further details on the Relying Party Key Binding Request are provided in the :ref:`Mobile Application Key Binding Request` section.

The ``typ`` header of the Integrity Request JWT assumes the value ``rp-kb+jwt``.

Relying Party Key Binding Response
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Upon a successful request, the Application Provider provides an HTTP Response with a ``204 No Content`` status code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Upon a successful request, the Relying Party Backend provides an HTTP Response with a ``204 No Content`` status code.
```

Relying Party Access Certificate Request
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The Access Certificate Request uses the HTTP POST method with ``Content-Type`` set to ``application/json``.

> The request includes the following body parameters:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The request includes the following body parameter:
```

    * - ``503 Service Unavailable``
      - ``temporarily_unavailable``
      - The request cannot be fulfilled because the Endpoint is temporarily unavailable (e.g., due to maintenance or overload).

Relying Party Erasure Endpoint
----------------------------------------------

The Erasure Endpoint, which is described in :ref:`Metadata for openid_credential_verifier`, allows Wallet Instances to request deletion of attributes presented to the Relying Party. It MUST be authenticated, i.e., the Relying Party MUST request User authentication before proceeding with the attribute deletion. 

Erasure Request
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The Erasure Request MUST be a GET request to the Erasure Endpoint. The Wallet Instance MUST also support a call back mechanism which enables the User-Agent to notify the Wallet Instance (and thus the User) once the Erasure Response is returned.

> Below is a non-normative example of an Erasure Request where a deep link is passed as the value of the ``redirect_uri`` query fragment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below is a non-normative example of an Erasure Request where the call back URL is passed as a query parameter.
```

> .. code::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. code-block:: http
```
